bind-key j next            feedlist
bind-key k prev            feedlist
bind-key J next-unread     feedlist
bind-key j next            articlelist
bind-key k prev            articlelist
bind-key j next            articlelist
bind-key k prev            articlelist
bind-key J next-feed       articlelist
bind-key K prev-feed       articlelist
bind-key j down            article
bind-key k up              article
bind-key j down            podbeuter
bind-key k up              podbeuter

bind-key o sort            feedlist
bind-key o sort            articlelist
bind-key O rev-sort        feedlist
bind-key O rev-sort        articlelist
bind-key b open-in-browser feedlist
bind-key b open-in-browser articlelist
bind-key b open-in-browser article
bind-key B open-in-browser-and-mark-read articlelist
bind-key g home            feedlist
bind-key g home            articlelist
bind-key g home            article
bind-key g home            podbeuter
bind-key G end             feedlist
bind-key G end             articlelist
bind-key G end             article
bind-key G end             podbeuter
bind-key ENTER pb-download podbeuter

include "~/.workman/newsboat.config"

bind-key n next            feedlist
bind-key e prev            feedlist
bind-key N next-unread     feedlist
bind-key n next            articlelist
bind-key e prev            articlelist
bind-key n next            articlelist
bind-key e prev            articlelist
bind-key N next-feed       articlelist
bind-key E prev-feed       articlelist
bind-key n down            article
bind-key e up              article
bind-key n down            podbeuter
bind-key e up              podbeuter

bind-key o sort            feedlist
bind-key o sort            articlelist
bind-key O rev-sort        feedlist
bind-key O rev-sort        articlelist
bind-key l toggle-show-read-feeds feedlist
bind-key l toggle-show-read-feeds articlelist
